README.md, before:


# Command & Conquer

This repository includes source code for Command & Conquer. This release provides support to the [Steam Workshop](https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/browse/?appid=2229830) for the game.


## Dependencies

If you wish to rebuild the source code and tools successfully you will need to find or write new replacements (or remove the code using them entirely) for the following libraries;

- DirectX 5 SDK
- Greenleaf Communications Library (GCL)
- Human Machine Interface (HMI) “Sound Operating System” (SOS)



## Compiling (Win32 Only)

The current state of the source code does not fully compile and does not contain the core engine libraries (you can find these in the [Red Alert](https://github.com/electronicarts/CnC_Red_Alert) code repository) and will require some effort to restore it. If you wish to restore the original build environment, the following tools are required;

- Watcom C/C++ (v10.6) for C/C++ source files
- Borland Turbo Assembler (TASM v4.0) for assembly files
- Microsoft Micro Assembler (MASM v6.11d) for assembly files

To use the compiled binaries, you must own the game. The C&C Ultimate Collection is available for purchase on [EA App](https://www.ea.com/en-gb/games/command-and-conquer/command-and-conquer-the-ultimate-collection/buy/pc) or [Steam](https://store.steampowered.com/bundle/39394/Command__Conquer_The_Ultimate_Collection/).


## Contributing

This repository will not be accepting contributions (pull requests, issues, etc). If you wish to create changes to the source code and encourage collaboration, please create a fork of the repository under your GitHub user/organization space.


## Support

This repository is for preservation purposes only and is archived without support. 


## License

This repository and its contents are licensed under the GPL v3 license, with additional terms applied. Please see [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) for details.

Commit message:

Initial attempt of converting game data to Rust
Taken all/most of the game defines and converted them to Rust.
Tried to stay as close to C++ as possible while at the same time
applying some Rust saneness.
All game defines so far should be const initialized.

README.md, after:


# Tiberian Dawn in Rust

This repository includes source code for Command & Conquer. This release provides support to the [Steam Workshop](https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/browse/?appid=2229830) for the game.

## Porting

Most of the game configuration is written in static - depending on the C++ compiler to - in the best way - compile it to e.g. *.rodata*-section of ELF. With Rust the aim is to explicitly define most game configurations at compile-time - thus making it way more likely to get compiled into the **rodata**-section.

### Code style

The main goal of porting is to keep the Rust port comparable to C++ code. This in turn means that ordering of definitions
will mostly be kept. Also symbols directly ported from C++ to Rust will keep their C++ naming.
New code will adhere to Rust code style. This difference should make it easy to distinguish between straight C++ porting and new Rust engine code.

### Compile-time Limitations in Rust

While Rust provides some compile-time support, there are still certain areas in the Rust ecosystem that lack this feature.
Typical examples are `map`, `unwrap`.

For most of these it can be tried to replace this `match` - which supports compile-time evaluation.

https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/67792

### Idiomatic Enums

While Rust has a different enum concept - the goal is to use Rusts enum variants over C++ enum values.
For compatibility most enums must in turn be expressed with `#[repr(u8)]` or similar to still express the values.
`NONE` values for indexes should be represented by wrapping the enum in `Option<>`. `NONE` values only make sense in context of Flags.
`COUNT` values should be expressed by using `EnumCount` crate, which gives the Enum a `COUNT` member value.

## License

This repository and its contents are licensed under the GPL v3 license, with additional terms (from EA) applied. Please see [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) for details.
